The next annotation that I am going to teach you is called Before.
So as you see,
Before happens to be,
it we'd belongs to Junit,
and the code marked Before,
this is executed before each test.
So let me call a method here,
and I'm going to call it init,
which stands for, it's a shortcut for initialization.
So as you may have guessed because of this annotation Before.
Before, this method init is going to be called before each test.
There is another annotation that a lot of
engineers get confused with which is BeforeClass.
Now, the difference between Before and BeforeClass is that,
Before is called before each test,
whereas BeforeClass runs once before the entire text fixture.
So if your test have 10 tests,
the class is 10 tests,
Before code will be executed 10 times but BeforeClass is going to be executed only once.
Another thing that we need to keep in mind is that
BeforeClass method is going to be static method.
So you have to mention public static void,
and I'm going to call this setup.
This method is going to be called only once.
Now, let's think about what is the use of these two annotation.
So I already have all my tests,
what would these tests these annotations do?
Let's say that I need to have certain piece of code run before each test,
that code would fall under before in it, in our case.
Let's say that we have
certain comprehensive and certain very resource extensive code
that needs to be run before a class,
that need to fall under any method that is described under BeforeClass.
I'm not going to go ahead and create any actual usage of it,
but I'm going to demonstrate it by printing some simple print lines here.
So I'm going to say,
Runs before each method,
test method, runs before each class.
So this is used for setup.
This method names don't really hold any value,
they are just there for placeholder sake because they are methods.
I'm going to now talk about two more annotations which are like
a closure to whatever happened in Before and whatever happened in BeforeClass.
What I mean by that is,
let's say that you have made some connections to the database,
where you have had some open some files,
and open sends dreams.
Those things or all these resources need to be close at the end of the test class.
Now, that is what you do in AfterClass,
and as you may have guessed,
AfterClass is run just once which is at the end of every class.
I'm going to call this, well,
industry standard is people usually call this a tearDown,
and that's what I'm going to call it.
I'm going to say runs after each class,
and this is going to be after.
As you may have guessed, this runs after every method.
It's like a sibling to Before,
and I'm going to call this initEnd probably,
want to change this camel case.
So this is going to run after each method.
Now, I'm going to run this class.
We have the previous methods that we had written,
and I'm going to run this class so that I can show
you what is going to be printed on the screen.
So let's run.
I'm not going to run. One thing that just happened here was it said run compare arrays.
So if you click outside and you right-click and you run,
it shows you run verified,
run specific methods, if you're right there,
but if you run it at the class level,
it gives you the option to run the whole class.
But if you want to just identify one test or run one test,
you highlight it and then you get the option to run that specific test,
which is very helpful because every time you're writing a test,
you don't want to run the whole class.
Otherwise, you'd have to wait a long period of time if you have 100 tests.
So another annotation we'll learn about is Ignore.
What Ignored does is that it helps you
skip a particular test case if you do not want it to run.
Now, when do you want to skip a particular test case?
You would want to skip a particular test case,
if you have a very resource intensive test
that you probably just want to run in your local setup.
In that case when you want to push that code or commit that code,
you would use Ignore so that it doesn't
run in any other environment but local environment.
Now, let me show you how this is going to look,
so that we can see the functionality of Ignore,
Before, BeforeClass, After and AfterClass.
Let me run this.
So I'm going to run the entire test class.
So I'm going to go over this,
runs before each class,
runs before each method, after each method,
before each method, after each method,
before each method, after each method.
Test ignored, runs after each class.
So as you see,
this runs before each class,
it came from BeforeClass.
Runs after each class,
came from AfterClass right here.
So they were only printed once,
whereas other pieces of code which are under before and after they were run at each test.
The test I was ignored that did not have Before method or After method, those run.
So that was a little or small demonstration of Before,
After, BeforeClass, and AfterClass.
Next, we will look into parameterized tests.